that moment when that awkward moment
when you realize you've been staring at
someone while you're daydreaming oh shit
I am so sorry I know I don't like you I
wasn't staring at your boobs no no it
happened uh well this is awkward i'm
leaving by that annoyed moment we have
to keep removing your goddamn headphones
because someone won't shut up and they
keep talking to you over and over again
when you're trying to listen to your
damn music don'tdon't to do do do yeah
this is my jam what what hello yes what
am I doing here what am I doing here yes
I'm listen to my music i'm listening to
my music GTFO there's an R GTFO that is
the door GTFO end of discussion god damn
it Cheetara shit that awkward moment
when someone asks you if you've ever had
a girlfriend have you ever had a
girlfriend does it look like it come on
I'm mat-su de Metz una the loser I don't
get girlfriends okay it doesn't happen I
am a loser I'm a loser loser I'm a loser
okay it just does it just doesn't happen
okay
doesn't know me Ben loser god damn it I
think you get the point right okay then
annoying moment when a girl says she's
ugly but she's actually beautiful oh my
god shut up you're breaking beautiful
okay you're freaking you're freaking
beautiful just passes me that shitty ass
moment when you run out of toilet paper
get it you see what I did there shitty
ass moment it's a moment where your ass
is shitty and you run out of toilet
paper okay I'll shut up come on come on
come on somewhat size so it is a may
have John Boehner come on I got shit my
ass all poopy god damn it that awkward
moment when you run up to someone to say
hello and you realize someone that looks
like the person you know and it gets
very awkward hey hey Linda oh shit
you're not Linda who the hell are you
god damn it sorry never mind
oh yeah you know your fingers have been
now what it looks like I was not licking
my it's not licking my my pad kee fine
okay fine okay fine I was lucky in this
picture of selena gomez in a bikini
almost naked okay she was almost a so
close seen picture of her naked this
will have to do can I have some goddamn
privacy in this place
this is gorgeous this is gorgeous when I
am in my private time you don't know
about this going off this don't
interrupt this oh my god are you licking
your iPad yeah you know your fingers
have been yeah that's so yes
I
Oh